# Project-1
In our research on the spotify top 200 dataframe, we had two questions we wanted to answer. The first was based on how genres' popularity have changed over time and the second was based on seeing if we could find what makes a song successful based on factors from the dataframe. We found that the most popular genres between 2017 and 2021 on spotify were dance, hip-hop, and international music. While dance, hip-hop, and international music were the most popular overall, their popularity varied in each quarter and there was a trend toward dance music becoming less popular over time generally, international music becoming more popular over time generally, and hip hop going through phases of high and low popularity, with it ending at a low popularity time at the end of our data time frame in 2021. This is over a relatively short period of time though, so it is hard to say for certain that these trends will continue into the future. For our second question, we found that there was very little correlation between any of the factors in the data frame and total streams, which is what we looked at to determine success. There were a few categories that had a higher correlation with total streams, namely low levels of acousticness and liveness correlated with success, but the other categories had very little to do with success. We did however find that other categories had clumps where most of the songs in the top 200 were located, such as in duration between 2.5 and 4 minutes or high energy, and we decided there are two possible explanations we hypothesized for this. The first is that these factors do contribute to popularity in that songs that don't follow these don't normally end up in the top 200, and the second is that it is just easier to create songs within these constraints than it is to create outside of them. 
